README.md, before:

# AmaLogger

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/ama_logger`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'ama_logger'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install ama_logger

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/ama_logger. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the AmaLogger project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/ama_logger/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Initial Implementation :100:
* Create a basic 1.0.0 implementation that includes an
  application-global `Ama.logger` instance that logs to
  standard out.
* Add a formatted for AWS Lambda logging that allows us
  to specify details and log to the standardized JSON
  log payload.

SEE: https://dev.azure.com/AMA-Ent/AMA-Ent/_workitems/edit/3551

README.md, after:

# Ama::Logger

This library implements AMA's standardized log format.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'ama_logger', git: 'git@github.com:amaabca/ama_logger'
```

## Usage

A default logger instance that writes to `STDOUT` is provided via the `Ama.logger` method:

```ruby
Ama.logger.info(context: context, event_name: 'log.info', metric_name: 'test', metric_value: 1)
```

You can override the default logger instance if you wish:

```ruby
Ama.logger = Ama::Logger.lambda(STDERR, level: Logger::Severity::DEBUG)
```

The default `logger` instance is intended for use with AWS Lambda - it requires a `context` instance (from a [Lambda handler](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/ruby-context.html)) to be passed as well as any additional data.

Instead of passing a log string, you must pass a `Hash` of data:

```ruby
Ama.logger.info(
  context: context,                             # required - the Lambda context instance
  event_name: 'log.info',                       # required
  exception: 'ArgumentError - something broke', # optional - indexed
  metric_name: 'error:count',                   # optional - indexed
  metric_value: 1,                              # optional - indexed, coerced to integer
  metric_content: 'error',                      # optional - indexed, coerced to string
  details: { message: 'test' }                  # optional - non-indexed, Hash coerced to string
)
```

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/amaabca/ama_logger.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
